st1 [1712][ADD] website_update_email_notify (#24)
qrtl/mi7-custom: website_update_email_notify/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> -  Sent an email to the old email address to notify user about changing of the email.
> -  Enable to edit e-mail field in /my/account page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Allows users to edit e-mail field in the portal page (i.e. /my/account).
-  When user changes his/her own email address in the portal page, send an email to the old email address to notify the change.
```

Reviewer 2: Edit and regenerated README files
